did you know that on Facebook and
Twitter about a quarter of the posts you
see are ads I'm serious go ahead and
check for yourself I'll
wait now that you're back did you buy or
even click on any of that stuff you saw
no well don't worry that's okay cuz we
did it for you for an entire month our
team forwarded every ad they saw to the
procurement Department who furiously
sourced everything from whatever this is
to keyboard cleaners to this build
it-yourself conference room
now now all I need to do is unbox them
and see if there's any golden nuggets in
the nasal cavity that is modern social
media advertising now there were some
limits we didn't buy any software or
anime video games it had to be a
physical item we also wanted things that
were Tech related and they had to be
available in Canada which is why we're
starting off with this do you want to
guess the price I'm going to say $4,000
it was $10,000 10 grand yes
I mean it feels pretty nice but is that
Canadian dollars or us that's real
dollars Freedom dollars at that price it
better keep you guys from hearing
this our spor kiwi design upgrade your
quest 3 or Quest 3s with their G4 Pro
Controller covers and K4 boost battery
strap they're designed to give you more
battery life and better Comfort learn
more at the link in the video
description
[Music]
whoa did lights just turn on in here
yeah the sensors are behind here so as
we're moving everything out oh dude it
it's got fans yeah it's got ventilation
okay if I had known about all the
features I might have guessed the price
a little bit closer that's pretty cool
there's also some Outlets back here that
you're missing oh not going to lie a lot
of this looks like AliExpress garbage
correct but the bedjet man when I was a
kid this would have saved me so much
trouble I wouldn't have had to wet it
myself oh my God now that it's time to
oh
oh okay adjust the this one that's
probably that second light that
Logistics didn't plug in oh that makes
sense it actually took him about a day
to build this they didn't say it was
tough but it was just a long process
it's fine yeah actually Alex said that
he thinks it's worth it because over the
last two weeks that it's been installed
we've had several people actually just
have their meetings in here and enjoy it
okay so here's the ad that sold us on it
oh I get to watch the ads there you go
nice in the emergency stairwell just to
get some privacy that was literally an
April Fool's joke for us there's no way
anyone's actually I mean our inbox
booths private work pods are the perfect
solution to office noise and
distractions doesn't look
sold no I like it that is a little
pricier than some solutions we've looked
into we actually need some of these but
I can't fault the build quality the
features or the overall Vibe is this for
two people or four it feels like it'd be
an extremely cozy four it'd be a cozy
four but it for sure confirms two people
this is actually their Tuesday Booth I
get
it so what would they call the four one
fours day oh I was going to go with four
skin we should remove this and that
sorry you know what else we should
remove forkin the sound anybody else
hearing this
conversation and the
only that I gu going to be the
we can hear each other just fine other
than it being a little echoey thanks to
this big glass panel here it definitely
gets stuffy fast if you don't have the
fan on how much did we spend on all this
stuff just over
$114,000 more importantly the booth was
actually sent to us are we going to buy
some well if you use our affiliate code
down below they'll knock the price off
for us so we can keep it please buy
some who put you up to that I'm not not
even kidding that's the contract we
signed thanks Josh oh what is this a
docking
station oh it's so cute micro SD SD
power okay you got some usba USBC all
the usba and ethernet at the back and
wow triple monitor support okay okay but
hold on hold on hold on that was a
chunker of a power brick uh it makes
sense if you've got 60 watts of USB PD
plus being able to power everything else
that's connected to it and I love that
they've matched the aesthetic how cool
is that we're actually going to build a
full desk setup in here for you that's
what it's meant for right so starting
with the docking station then we'll add
some monitors later on oh sick oh it has
a little cute calendar and clock I love
this thing this is great it had a ad
just on Instagram that led us to temu I
think they also have like an official
website you can go to but this is where
we purchased it from I can't promise it
isn't stealing your data but I can
promise you it's adorable if you had to
guess the price on this what would you
put it at I don't know 70 bucks it's 220
Canadian so it's about 150ish us it is a
docking station docking stations get
expensive yeah it just feels like a
novelty one you can change the colors
you have black blue and
red whoa okay that's pretty cool swipe
to the side they even totally just used
the Apple logo
oh no way which I don't know if they can
get away with technically 3x 4K displays
though that's actually going to come
handy cuz we bought some screens okay
let's keep going with the setup then
yeah jow what was the name of this
company sure JSA they made the docking
station that was used in Sam's upgrade
and we actually like complemented the
quality and fit and finish of it yeah
well apparently they make these flip go
Duo monitors and they sent us both of
these when we asked for one so we get to
pick now which one do you want cool I
want this one cool oh wow that is like a
whole laptop worth a monitor right there
good Lord built-in USB hub though that's
pretty handy micro HDMI in display port
in though that's cool button for
changing the orientation so just bip bip
is there a battery like does it just
power on it powers on by one of the USBC
cables oh but there's no battery no oh
do they have any ideas for how you're
supposed to mount this I'm so glad you
asked they also sell stands for them oh
okay but it doesn't come with any way of
actually mounting this to anything no it
comes you have to buy the stand well
wait what about this thing positioning
of the magnetic suction bracket yeah
that's what's in here what seriously are
you you're not are you not me messing
with me right now like there's
absolutely like this doesn't hold it in
any meaningful way not that I could
figure it out it has to let me pull up
the website there's no way it just sits
like that you know sometimes not
everything needs a solution you ever
think about that
no oh my God that magnet is what holds
it yeah it's pretty strong okay once you
get it lined up it's actually pretty oh
yeah it goes on there pretty okay I mean
it's a little
scary yeah trusting your life on that is
okay well your monitor's life anyway if
you had to guess the price I keep
getting everything wrong $400 $600 dang
it I hope this this stand isn't more
than like 30
bucks it's 40 well that's within range
uh okay boom just like that hold on I'm
switching the orientation overall this
would be a huge productivity booster and
it would be pretty much like carrying
around two laptops with the way that it
folds down the stand leaves a lot to be
desired though okay what's next there's
one more thing in here for your setup oh
cuz you don't want to be typing on your
keyboard and mouse oh you threw it right
at my junk it's good quality I bought
them from an M okay we've got the block
triple mode connection mechanical
keyboard back to Classics yes by the
company low fre you and I've also got
this triple mode wireless touch mouse
what's a touch mouse you'll
see oh yeah that's
it that's kind of
stupid they make some extremely bold
claims for this bad boy replaceable PBT
key caps sure if you can find that key
profile
again also improve comfort and
productivity I strongly doubt
that X exad
doubt this is cool though magnetic
dongle
holder oh is that would that is so cool
oh I was trying to figure out what it
was on the keyboard dude sick I like the
style of the keyboard you know what sure
they might probably spend too much of
their product development Budget on
Facebook ads but they also spent a lot
on design yeah it looks pretty good
right she actually thoughts not
bad but the question is uh how much did
she thck me do you want to guess sure
I'll guess keyboards I should
oh 80 bucks 170 no
mouse I don't know it's pretty stylish
70 bang on now for something that's not
part of our work setup this this
retropixel Pro tiny computer it's
powered by an RK 3326 quadcore arm CPU
and it features and it's gone Emily sden
from our editing team sent this ad over
to procurement procurement clicked on
the link and the site was no longer
working and this right here is the
biggest reason that this video took so
long to take because we would go to
purchase items from obvious drop
shippers or scammers and they had
already pulled the rug so guys please
take an extra 30 to look over items
before handing over your payment
information since you never know what
people are on the other end of these
companies I actually almost gave my
credit card to someone who had um they
were like cheaper versions of those uh
electronic water blasters oh yeah and
they were listed for like $27 and I was
like I've never heard of this site
before and I googled are they a ripoff
and it was like pages and pages and
pages of negative reviews so 30 seconds
watch out okay what did we actually get
next then another temu special a 20 in
one cleaner without looking at the Box
can you find all
20 there's
one stop it just comes apart I don't
know if a Sim removal tool counts as a
cleaning device and the same goes for a
key switch puller and a key cap puller
you missed one on in there I missed
something yeah the lid
itself what this yeah wipe a screen with
it you know I'm not a screen but thank
you I would not wipe a screen with this
well you're at keep going oh
oh little Spritz bottle yeah that's
pretty cool little air puffer yep it it
moves
air tampon airpod case cleaner right
that makes sense Leal brush okay I'm
bored yeah there's a lot of them yeah
that's that's the gist of it how much do
you think it was this has got to be 10
bucks it was five bucks yeah it's
fitting that your mic battery just died
we bought a battery tester hey they
don't work for rechargeables
they don't no oh rechargeables run in a
different voltage range than alkalines
oh well do you want to test it make sure
sure I mean it works it works it's it it
was
$4.20 hey it's a good battery it's a
good battery I hope so I just grabed it
from the Shelf these things are a dime a
dozen though and I've seen much better
form factors than this stupid system so
if you paid more than like six bucks for
it than you got ripped off I'm glad we
didn't get ripped off this one I think
we did though take a look at this one
smart light sound machine
EX look at the size of it in his hand
well it's this is a completely different
thing yep what the the F that's a
completely different product correct
that one has a speaker in the front this
one the speaker down here they the play
button is backwards what the heck it's
also like four times bigger in the video
he's holding it wireless phone charging
though I'm sure that won't light on fire
I it didn't when I tried it
oh wow that quality speaker though would
you like to listen to some
music I would like that very
much oh that's my phone speaker
yes good luck it took me a
while a I think we get the point it
sounds like garbage yeah we don't know
maybe it's got a hidden
speaker okay we can move on feel how
light it is like our second last not
this again this is no longer available
on temu is it gone because of how
dangerous it is there's literally a
warning right on it that's like laser
class one and then it just beams it into
this refractive Dome and sends it
fraking everywhere how you supposed to
not have a child or a pet or an adult
look into this thing it has speakers
though and it came with the remote what
does the microphone button do I don't
know this remote feels like there's
nothing inside it it is lighter than the
battery
tester all right you ready no did just
stop I was going to check to make sure
it's turned
on what is that wow
wow that was the G button here's R
here's B here's W that's whsh yeah close
hello check check check check hello
switches between red and okay that's the
mic oh it's music mode bluetooth is off
I hope I'm not connecting to someone's
headphones right now youo is connected
oh that was it that's me I'm not going
to give it access to my calls and
logs this sounds so bad no like you're
imagine you put that in your you know
six-year-old kid's room they're vibing
okay imagine this for a second though
this can I rowrow that for a second
Andy literally world's better if I'm
going to need the phone and I'm going to
need to be in Bluetooth
range I might as well just play it off
the phone it's not the same Vibe though
the thing I connected to is this what oh
you got it working I connected to the
wrong one this even has Bluetooth
apparently it's even worse the price uh
10 bucks you'll be happy it's only eight
okay our last temo item industrial
endoscope yeah does it scope your end it
can
actually oh wow yep that's aij just
knows you can flip it upside down so
that's pretty useful black and white
versus not black and white depending on
what you're trying to make out that
could actually be pretty useful no
recording unfortunately that's a bummer
yeah USBC charging you know what pretty
cool if this was less than let's say 50
bucks I'd say it could be useful at
least this one at this length was $54 us
yeah you know what I like it thanks TAMU
that endoscope kicks off the camera gear
category you got an advertisement for
the opal tadpole a tiny webcam with a
clip wait these are the guys that
Marquez invested in correct okay what's
the pitch it's the world's smallest
webcam of this class okay Sony sensor
yes correct the cable doesn't open the
whole way because I don't know [__] you
I guess yeah I was confused by that I
don't really get it either oh and I
guess we get to try it now yeah let's
test it it's better than what we had
it's better than my laptop for sure you
want to guess the price oh God it's
probably like $150 or something bang on
really yeah and you can get a carrying
case which will bring it to 168 yeah I
wouldn't spend that kind of money on
this this next item I think is a scam is
this supposed to change your phone to
like a wide-angle lens or something oh
yeah yeah it's for a camera we bought
the Sony e-mount variant wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait so this
just goes like straight onto your C this
is a lens correct this is just like
crazy glued together correct this is
garbage correct it was
$50 who would be stupid enough to buy
this do you want to try it yeah I do
actually could they have at least
invested in a decent 3D printer okay
here we'll go with our LTT desk pad
Northern Lights
design very nice beautiful oh my God
this it feels so wrong what the
hell I got to say this like works better
than I thought it would that's not
really a sales pitch no no no no no yeah
no manufactured ewaste for
sure apparently we're shooting the next
one on that lens now so way to go look
at what you've done Elijah perfect this
is what we were shooting on a that's
garbage that cost money oh this looks
better it shut up it's actually a good
thing you mentioned that it's better cuz
this device promises to help you take
your photos better the intelligent
camera assistant camera body meet camera
brain dude was this a Kickstarter way
back in the day correct I think I
remember this thing it's compatible with
a certain list of cameras you basically
clip it onto the top it'll calibrate
your environment and then help adjust
your settings on your camera
to help you take a better photo okay so
it's auto mode correct have we had our
camera guys look at this at all and like
discuss it cuz surely it wouldn't still
exist after all this time if it was
completely useless I think their main
target is going to be amateur
photographers right they're not going to
be targeting someone who knows their
camera inside and out so I think that's
probably why they still exist they're
also one of the products that uh is
always on sale you know it's marked at
430 and it's $130 off so we paid $300
for it shut up yeah we got three of them
why well cuz I thought if they work you
know we they come we
didn't there's another one the other
one's at the studio why did you buy more
well cuz if they work but what if they
don't okay stop but what are you not
telling me they sent it to
us I just wanted to scare you okay well
how do we try it this camera is one of
the compatible ones okay so let's plug
it in and give it a go okay
so hitting the take photo button what
it'll do is you should notice some
settings adjust after I hit the button
yeah hit it wa look at that wa jeez it
even hit the shutter yeah it takes the
photo fully for you wow that's pretty
cool okay I took a picture now I'm going
to try now you're going to optimize
it um I definitely saw some settings
change I mean it didn't change that much
it went with a faster shutter speed
speed M it did open up the aperture a
bit more so you get more of like a
pleasing depth of field effect but the
question for me is is that what I wanted
because I might have wanted more of the
object in Focus so
that's debatable the theme of the shoot
is dumpster
photography I think it definitely helped
yeah the only difference is full auto
went with a slightly slower shutter
speed but the way we're using it assumes
a particularly unsophisticated user like
I don't know if it's adjusting more than
just shutter speed aperture and ISO
which like I can do and I'm not exactly
a photography expert yeah Andy described
it as spend the $300 on a
book and learn how to take a better
photo you know what though if most of
what you're after was just the remote
functionality and the app sa for
wildlife photography I could actually
see it being pretty useful but as a you
know training wheels for camera
operation I don't know guys picture this
your children won't get off their phone
what do you do tell them to get off
their phone what if what if they don't
then I use family link and I lock their
phone well this product can do that too
it is a box that you can plug in and
then charge up to four devices okay why
are they all lightning you can switch
them out okay okay all right but then
what happens is you close this yeah
using their app you can magnetically
lock it with a timer so that hey you
know in 2 hours you can go get your
product h H you thought I was going to
hate on this didn't you yeah but how
much do you think it costs oh oh
oh if it was 100 bucks I'd be like you
got to pay app developers somehow it's a
niche product they probably don't sell
that many but this is pretty trendy
looking product literature mhm crap it's
like $300 isn't it it is 250 us for the
Box do you want to know the best part
you can't even use it without paying for
their subscription
no you can charge your devices it will
not do any of the timer or locking
without a $180 a year subscription
Linus does the membership cover my
entire family I should sure as hell hope
so we'll charge five phones at once I
think there is more like I only see four
slots oh yeah how will it charge five
phones that's just an outright lie great
concept the price is way off yeah $100
onetime fee sure if you're this
desperate I'll take $100 a Year from you
to hold on to your phone and give it
back to you when you want it okay so
hold on to this phone okay okay no no
you don't need the Box no I I still want
to use the Box what you don't you paid
for the box I'm just the
subscription all right here thank you
okay now give me my phone no you have to
wait nope give me the phone now no I
need the ad I need the admin passw you
don't have the credit card what's the
password I don't
remember sucks to be you I have a
product that doesn't require a
subscription the photo stick 2.0
oneclick photo backup you plug it in and
run an
exe uh can we go ask Luke if we can test
this really quick sure okay you know
with a name like this I got to wonder
what kind of pictures it backs up Luke's
not here so we're going to talk to Sean
instead um we would like to use the
photo stick the instructions are to
double click on the photo stick
windows.exe and it will back up our
photos uh no cool all right see you
later one of the selling features it
works with Windows
7 40 bucks it's $60 for a 32 gig you're
not backing up [__] okay on to our last
product this is the bedjet uh-huh it's
basically an air conditioner SL heater
for your bed that sounds amazing yeah do
you want to give it a try I do okay wow
that's something it's a white noise
generator too yeah bonus it does heating
and
Cooling and that this sheet is only the
single Inlet but you can actually get a
sheet from them that'll do like a his
and her side so you can have one side
that's hotter one side that's colder you
would need a second machine yeah I see
that yes so it doesn't do heating and
cooling it does heating or cooling yes
where is the air going so it actually
goes between the two layers of the
sheets
oh okay so this is my warmed bed good
night sweet prince
not dying it does look like it how does
it feel though can you tell it's warmer
oh yeah okay oh yeah no it's it's great
it's warm well let's cool it now I don't
expect it to be as sophisticated as
something like you know eight sleep with
their subscription nonsense yeah um but
I also expect it to be a lower price
correct I'm going to say 300 bucks it's
600 but it's one of those products that
is always on sale so we actually got it
for 430 okay you could Jank together
something on your own for a lot less
than that or you could just not yeah do
you need a subscription nope okay oh
that's interesting it definitely cools
starting at the bottom and that whoa
she's she's flowing wait did no our AC
just kicked in it's pointed right at me
Andy the Cold's definitely coming from
inside the sheets as well but I don't
know if it's cold so much as it's like
it didn't warm up you know like when you
get into the bed and the sheets are kind
of cool like it feels kind of like that
I think that's the whole point though I
don't think it's necessarily supposed to
be like an air condition replacement do
you think this could help some people
cuz I don't think it's actually a bad
product no yeah seems Seems prra Alex
actually wanted it he was considering
buying it before we did it for this
video so he's asking if it can go in the
Christmas party pile sure
okay can we buy it
yes fine just like this fine segue to
our sponsor delete me no I don't want to
die I just care about my personal
information because it could be sold
online without you even knowing it but
you know what's scarier when somebody
buys your data via a data broker they
might also access information about your
family that's where delete me comes in
they help remove your data from hundreds
of data broker websites and it's not
just yours they have family plans too
with their family account management you
can easily add members ensuring they get
personalized protection because you love
them so very much their privacy first
design means each family member gets
their own data sheet keeping their
online footprint secure and with
simplified management overseeing your
family's privacy has never been easier
take control of your privacy and reduce
the risk of exposure spam and scams
check delete me out using the link in
the description and use code lt20 at
checkout for 20% off if you guys enjoyed
this video why don't you check out the
time that we said yes to everything we
ended up with some really weird stuff
yeah like Optimus Prime yeah he's cool